[Do not review] Add custom scheduler in presto-router (#25035)
prestodb/presto: presto-plan-checker-router-plugin/README.md

# Example - Presto Plan Checker Router Scheduler Plugin
This package contains a custom scheduler plugin - Presto Plan Checker Router Scheduler Plugin.

## Add the Custom Scheduler Plugin to the Presto Router
Place the plugin jar and all the dependent jars for the plugin in the `plugin` directory relative to the Presto install directory.

> Create a configuration file for this plugin must be `etc/router-config/router-scheduler.properties`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a configuration file for this plugin. The file must be named 'router-scheduler.properties` and must be in the `etc/router-config/` directory relative to the Presto install directory.  
```
There's several ways you could fix this line, this is just one suggestion. If this one doesn't work for you, find another one that works better for you.

# Example - Presto Plan Checker Router Scheduler Plugin
This package contains a custom scheduler plugin - Presto Plan Checker Router Scheduler Plugin.

## Add the Custom Scheduler Plugin to the Presto Router
Place the plugin jar and all the dependent jars for the plugin in the `plugin` directory relative to the Presto install directory.

The configuration file for this plugin must be `etc/router-config/router-scheduler.properties`.  

> In `router-scheduler.properties`, set the name of the custom scheduler factory.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `router-scheduler.properties`to set the name of the custom scheduler factory.  
```

> For example, use the following line to set the custom scheduler factory name to `plan-checker`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, set the custom scheduler factory name to `plan-checker`:  
```

``router-scheduler.name=plan-checker``

The scheduler name must be set to `CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SCHEDULER` in `etc/router-config.json`.  
``scheduler``: ``CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SCHEDULER``

## Main Classes:
* `RouterSchedulerPlugin` - Custom Scheduler Plugin class to be loaded by the Router plugin manager.  
  This class implements the interface `com.facebook.presto.spi.RouterPlugin`.
* `MetricsBasedSchedulerFactory` - Factory for creating specific custom scheduler.  
  This class implements the interface `com.facebook.presto.spi.SchedulerFactory`.
* `MetricsBasedScheduler` - Example custom scheduler implementing the scheduling logic for clusters.  
  This class implements the interface `com.facebook.presto.spi.router.Scheduler`.  

>   Similar classes can be added implementing specific custom scheduling logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Similar classes can be added implementing specific custom scheduling logic.
```
Suggest adding a new line and unindenting this sentence: the way it's currently formatted it's within the `MetricsBasedScheduler` list item and that formatting suggests this sentence applies to that, not the general statement I think you intend this to be.

Author: Removed this line.

## Configuration:

> The following config properties are required to be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following configuration properties must be set in `etc/router-config/router-scheduler.properties`:
```
